Ping'er, I am willing to exchange one life for another
What are you doing?
Dad, I'm not fooling around.
I heard everything you just said
I called the news
I lost the file
It has nothing to do with Brother Cao Feng
If you must punish me, then punish me
Okay, dad, I don't blame you
Put that gun down for me
No, even if you promise me now
You will still say that I will no longer embarrass him.
What do you want?
I want Zanfingo to be my bodyguard
24 hours a day
As long as I'm here
Don't even think about embarrassing him
Brother, this
I'm just such a baby girl
Listen to you, put the gun down for me now
Crazy, you heard me
From now on, don't interfere in anything at the villa
You only have one thing
Just protect Linger
If Linger has any questions
Settle it with your new feud and old accounts
Brother Rufeng, you are now Linger's bodyguard
Come with me back to the house to sleep
You're not suitable
Don't you need protection when you sleep?
Brother Xiong
What's next?
I stare at the madman
If there is any agenda, just leave
And
Wait for all the contacts to find out his bottom line immediately
Be quick yes
In awe of you.
Fortunately, I saved a hand
I became a lot of fake data.
They can't find me for now.
But they'll also slow us down
It didn't work.
Then we're going to hide it from the world